capital = 71 # Eastern Slovakia; originally 43 - Northern Hungary

#oob = "HUN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.3.31"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 70
	democratic = 20
	communism = 10
}

recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_matyas_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_geza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich