### GENERAL INFO ###
capital = 195 # Petrograd; originally 219 - Moscow
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50

### IDEAS AND WHATNOT ###
add_ideas = {
	unrecognized_state
	communist_fervor
}

### TECHNOLOGIES ###
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

### CHARACTERS ###
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_lenin

1917.11.11 = {
	declare_war_on = {
		target = RUS
		type = civil_war
	}
	add_civil_war_target = RUS
	RUS = {
		transfer_units_fraction = {
			target = ROOT
			size = 0.4
			stockpile_ratio = 0.6
		}
	}
}


####
#### NO STEP BACK
####

#COUNTRY LEADERS
recruit_character = SOV_iosif_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_supreme_soviet #This is a fake character! Proper country leader role is added via focus
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	recruit_character = SOV_provisional_government # United Exiles
	set_country_flag = vlasov_owner_flag
}

#POLITICAL ADVISORS
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_khrushchyov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_litvinov

recruit_character = SOV_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_kerensky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzayevsky


recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrsky

recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_maks_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky

recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikandr_chibisov

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_vatutin

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov

recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuykov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs

recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich

recruit_character = SOV_vitaly_primakov
#Not available at game start
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_korzh
recruit_character = SOV_sidor_kovpak
recruit_character = SOV_lev_dovator
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rybalko

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 2
	communism = 88
}

create_faction = Comintern
